README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: Implement initial MVP of Learning Assistant

README.md, after:

# 0to1: The Learning Assistant

This is an AI-powered learning platform that generates structured courses from scratch on any topic.

## Setup

1.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

2.  **Set up your environment variables:**
    *   Create a `.env.local` file in the root of the project.
    *   Copy the contents of `.env.local.example` into `.env.local`.
    *   Fill in the required environment variables:
        *   `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`: Your Supabase project URL.
        *   `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`: Your Supabase project anon key.
        *   `GEMINI_API_KEY`: Your Gemini API key.

3.  **Set up your Supabase database:**
    *   Go to the Supabase SQL editor in your project.
    *   Copy the contents of `supabase/schema.sql` and run the query to create the necessary tables and policies.

4.  **Run the development server:**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

    Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.
